who I should say what word that starts
with an arse will describe the
Renaissance Faire rebirth okay now why
do you think that's the answer
why do you think that they called this
time a rebirth what was it a rebirth of
what had died
the t-handle okay ancient culture the
Greek baby in world
Howard human be exactly towards each
other
there are gauges with an age when to the
be displayed characteristics most of the
time we use it because we have feelings
understanding I mean we have violence
too but we tend or not very humid to
deal with things in a decent manner
it was like right plant we were wild
beasts it was like human beings had died
we going on to this different energy
that was going on but then a rebirth of
humanity became where people were
becoming more spiritual we're becoming
better inventors we get into the science
we'll get it into our creativity okay so
it was the rebirth let's go to number
seven anybody